continue our landscape series 50
shades of green next on the shukher
Fir-tree Glauka Globoza beauty
variety bred in the late 30s spruce
completely unpretentious not to the soil
the only requirement is love for
light
pikas decorativeness certainly if you
put her on the sunniest part
your garden surely holds it
penumbra but unfortunately she won't have
such pyatak tatey that is such
colors
saturated blue she will have more
you are closer to green therefore better
Spruce Glauka Globoza
definitely land only the very
sunny location in a matter of absolute
completely and with different types of conifers
with all the flourishing artisanal features
growth and style of roses apple first secret
goes wide therefore hence the name
before crying pose
Labuda with translation from the circle and after 10
years begins to shoot central
over and she was like do you go
length but it is also possible
shape tailored there haircuts when
friends account if you don't want her
you were tall enough to pinch
and shape I already said she
completely in principle do not require
the soil is not the only thing that requires
this is twice a year for such a room
fertilizer for conifers and in
young age when you plant it
age 1 2 years 1 2 years she requires
shelter from the union of twigs and from
burning spring that is brand good
would be her first two years
cover with burlap here let me get you
I will tell about a specific site to which
6 years spruce glauka globoza was was
landed
five years ago and planted on in
combinations with hydrangea next to us with
you are clematis on the arch and next
planted
Spruce Glauka Globoza is very important to my
look to use not only
ornamental plant
but be sure to use decorative
garden elements in the form of some pots
arches pergol it will give necessarily
highlight your garden in particular example
use the decor bought archok
polished painted blue on the back
plan we see a huge vintage on
summer where it is decorated and
painted blue